PRIVACY AND SECURITY POLICY

All services provided in our application belong to our company Wayne App registered at wayneappsjoker@gmail.com and operated by our company.

Our company may collect personal data for various purposes. The following describes how and how the personal data collected are collected, how and how these data are protected. 

By collecting various forms and questionnaires on our membership or application, some personal information (such as name-surname, company information, phone, address or e-mail addresses) of the members are collected by our application due to the nature of the work. 

Our company may send campaign information, information about new products, and promotional offers to its customers and members in some periods. Our members can make any choices about whether or not to receive such information while becoming a member, then, after logging in, they can change this selection in the account information section or make a notification with the link in the information message that comes to it.

The personal information transmitted to our application by our members through the electronic environment by our members during the approval process carried out via our application or by e-mail will not be disclosed to third parties except for the purposes and scope determined by our User Agreement. 

Our company records and uses the IP address of its members in order to quickly resolve any problems or disputes related to the service provided. IP addresses can also be used to define users in a general way and to collect comprehensive demographic information. 

Our company may use the requested information for direct marketing by itself or by collaborators, outside of the purposes and scope specified by the Membership Agreement. Personal information can also be used to contact the user when necessary. Information requested by our company or information provided by the user or information about the transactions made through our Application; Apart from the purposes and scope specified by the "Membership Agreement" by our company and the people with whom it cooperates, various statistical evaluations, database creation and market research can be used without disclosing the identity of our members. 

It undertakes to take this as a secret confidentiality obligation and to take all necessary precautions and to take all necessary precautions to prevent and ensure confidentiality, to prevent all or any part of the confidential information from entering the public domain or unauthorized use or disclosure to a third party. 

THIRD PARTY WEB SITES AND APPLICATIONS 

Our application can link to other sites within the website. Our company does not bear any responsibility for the privacy practices and contents of the sites accessed through these links. The advertisements published on the site of our company are distributed to our users through our advertising partners. The Privacy Policy Principles in this Agreement relate only to the use of our App and not to third party websites.

EXCEPTIONAL CONDITIONS 

In the limited situations listed below, our company may disclose information about the users to third parties except for the provisions of this "Privacy Policy". These situations are limited in number; 

1. Law, Decree Law, Regulation etc. To comply with the obligations imposed by the legal rules issued by the competent legal authority; 

2. In order to fulfill the requirements of the "Membership Agreement" and other agreements that our application has signed with the users; 

3. Requesting information about users for the purpose of conducting a research or investigation duly carried out by the competent administrative and judicial authority; 

4. When it is necessary to provide information to protect the rights or security of users.

 E-MAIL SECURITY 

Never write your credit card number or passwords in e-mails you will send to our Customer Service of our application regarding any order. Information contained in e-mails can be viewed by third parties. Under no circumstances can our company guarantee the security of the information transmitted from your e-mails. Said technical communication files are small text files sent by a website to the user's browser to be stored in the main memory. The technical communication file makes it easier to use the Internet by storing the status and preferences about the site. It helps to dynamically generate advertising and content from user pages specially designed for users. The technical communication file is not designed to receive data or any other personal information from your main memory or e-mail. Most browsers were originally designed to accept the technical communication file, but users can change the settings to ensure that the technical communication file does not arrive or that the technical communication file is sent whenever it is sent. send it or post it on the site. If the provisions of the Privacy Policy change, it will be effective on the date it is published.

For any questions and suggestions regarding our privacy policy, you can send an e-mail to wayneappsjoker@gmail.com .You can reach the following contact information of our company.

Company Title: Wayne App
 
E-mail: wayneappsjoker@gmail.com
